README.md, before:

![New_Aggregator](News_Aggregator_02.png)
# News Aggregator

News aggregator that fetch news form Newsapi and writhe the results in a Google spreadsheet.

## Why I want News aggregator

Every morning I read news, to find the news I browse several sites, and in some cases end spending more time scrolling o the sites that reading the news.  

## The Idea
![The_idea](The_idea.png)

A spreadsheet with different sheets, one sheet per topic. Each sheet contain the 4 most relevant news about a topic. In the sheet each row will represent and article, there will be columns with information such as author, source, summery and link to the full article.

## Getting Started

1. Install the libraries.
2. Define the topics to search
3. Get the Google sheets API token as well as NewsAPI key.
4. Execute the scrip.

> for now the script contain hardcoded values, but again, this meant to be a personal project, I will work on it.


## Built With

* [NewsAPI](https://newsapi.org/docs) - The News API
* [Google Sheets](https://developers.google.com/sheets/api?hl=ru) - Sheets API

## Changelog

|version | Date | Description|
|:-----|:-------:|:----------|
|0.1.0 | 20210914| Moving NewsAPI related code to independent file.|
|0.2.0 | 20211011| Started using the unofficial python client for news API|
|0.3.0 | 20211031| Pre-alpha: Fetch news and write them in a spreadsheet |
|0.4.0 | 20211112| Pre-alpha v2: Moving the information to utilities script|

## Versioning

**MAYOR.MINOR.PATCH**

* MAJOR version when you make incompatible API changes,
* MINOR version when you add functionality in a backwards compatible manner, and
* PATCH version when you make backwards compatible bug fixes.  

I use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. 

## Authors

* **Victor Andres Aguirre Fernandez** -  [CubeVic](https://github.com/CubeVic)

Commit message:

20211129_Black -> MODIFY: modify the way how the topics are listed, now the topics are gather by the telegram bot

README.md, after:

![New_Aggregator](News_Aggregator_02.png)
# News Aggregator

News aggregator that fetch news form Newsapi and writhe the results in a Google spreadsheet.

## Why I want News aggregator

Every morning I read news, to find the news I browse several sites, and in some cases end spending more time scrolling o the sites that reading the news.  

## The Idea
![The_idea](The_idea.png)

A spreadsheet with different sheets, one sheet per topic. Each sheet contain the 4 most relevant news about a topic. In the sheet each row will represent and article, there will be columns with information such as author, source, summery and link to the full article.

## Getting Started

1. Install the libraries.
2. Define the topics to search
3. Get the Google sheets API token as well as NewsAPI key.
4. Create Environment variable with the News API and the Telegram bot API.
5. Execute the scrip.

> for now the script contain hardcoded values, but again, this meant to be a personal project, I will work on it.


## Built With

* [NewsAPI](https://newsapi.org/docs) - The News API.
* [Google Sheets](https://developers.google.com/sheets/api?hl=ru) - Sheets API.
* [Telegram Bot](https://github.com/eternnoir/pyTelegramBotAPI) - Telegram Bot API python.

## Changelog

|version | Date | Description|
|:-----|:-------:|:----------|
|0.1.0 | 20210914| Moving NewsAPI related code to independent file.|
|0.2.0 | 20211011| Started using the unofficial python client for news API|
|0.3.0 | 20211031| Pre-alpha: Fetch news and write them in a spreadsheet |
|0.4.0 | 20211112| Pre-alpha v2: Moving the information to utilities script|
|0.5.0 | 20211129| Pre-alpha v3: Remove list of topics, implement telegram bot|

## Versioning

**MAYOR.MINOR.PATCH**

* MAJOR version when you make incompatible API changes,
* MINOR version when you add functionality in a backwards compatible manner, and
* PATCH version when you make backwards compatible bug fixes.  

I use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. 

## Authors

* **Victor Andres Aguirre Fernandez** -  [CubeVic](https://github.com/CubeVic)
